! - current limiting resitor on PC817C on tampers at input pin (1) - 3v3 goes through 4.7k resistor

! - make it work online against server
! - enable to use ldap groups for access control | enable to use ldap assigned cards in user object attribute
! - when card swipe make call to server, validate and return response, if access is enabled cache the card on device for offline state
? - how to handle restrcitions
? - how to handle delete cached cards, when removed from group

! - make readers and buttons just generic ids, on backend let to choose from enum [ENTER, EXIT, PASS]
! - make door sensor generic id - handle on backend

? - mqtt send event -> first add into event table, send to mqtt with rowid, on backend process event and send response with rowid, then on device remove from event table the rowid

! - make OSDP version using RS485 to TTL converter (MAX485 || auto flow version)

TODO - tampers hw solution + code blocking

TODO - tamper from HID is 5V when idle, GND when alarm -> pin pulled up by pull-up resistor -> trigger when pulled down by HID pin
TODO - usually tamper is closed loop with current flow, which will trigger when disconnected -> circuit pulled to gnd -> trigger when pulled high by pull-up resistor
TODO - basically NC or NO trigger
? - when using HID, there is false state when cable disconnected -> no wire present act the same as tamper while idle
? - when using HID, we need to live with possibility that if someone gets to the reader from behind (secured area), he can dissable tamper by cutting the wire
? - also when power is down (power grid down and ups runs out of battery -> device unit go offline) -> tamper is not handled -> someone can rip the cable out of wall and cut it

TODO - rfid reader with keypad + keycode per card + force to use
TODO - mqtt communication
TODO - wifi captive

TODO - client certificate

TODO - on first boot generate random string - use for hashing
TODO - hash passwords saved inside device

? - support for second DNS server

TODO - case tamper switch ?

TODO - EPS input
TODO - same trigger logic as reader tamper switch
TODO - if turnstile is used, or some two way door on boarder of the building or something

? - check readers led states when changing status of reader and some state of led was set













multidoor support

on backend -> one entry for physical device with multiple channels -> each channel as AC device

user mapping to AC device -> will grab the physical device pointer and apply commands with correct channel

